Packaging TKR Service (#1895)
vmware-tanzu/tanzu-framework: packages/management/tkr-service/README.md

# featuregates Package

> Featuregates management package provides Features and Featuregates APIs to

Reviewer: The readme needs to be updated with `tkr-service` instead of `Featuregates`.

Author: Thank you for catching this!

# tkr-service Package

> tkr-service management package provides the below services
> 
> * tkr resolve functionality based on the annotations provided on cluster and clusterclass objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tkr-service management package provides the following services:

* TKR resolution functionality based on the annotations provided on cluster and clusterclass objects.
```

Author: Updated. Thank you!
